Doc: Add filter known issue to 7.16.1 release notes (#13513)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

[[logstash-7-16-1]]
=== Logstash 7.16.1 Release Notes

[[known-issue-7-16-1]]
==== Known issue

Release 7.16.1 includes updated versions of filters that will not run on JDK 8.

> We are actively patching the build scripts for all filters that are affected. 

Reviewer: Two affected plugins identified, both patched and released:
 - GeoIP Filter 7.2.7
 - Date Filter 3.1.12

User can upgrade these in the normal way:

~~~
bin/logstash-plugin update logstash-filter-date
bin/logstash-plugin update logstash-filter-geoip
~~~

> We are actively patching the build scripts for all filters that are affected. 

Reviewer 2: Does it make sense to reference the actual problem filters? 

`logstash-filter-date` and
`logstash-filter-geoip`? And refer to the [update plugins](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/working-with-plugins.html#updating-plugins) section on how to do this?

> Workaround: Clear the `JAVA_HOME` variable to use the JDK version (Java 11) bundled with Logstash. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workaround: since Logstash bundles Java 11 (all distributions except noarch), clearing `JAVA_HOME` variable from your environment will enable Logstash to run with the bundled Java where this issue is not present.
```

Reviewer 3: @yaauie - Do you think we should mention that they need to clear the `LS_JAVA_HOME` variable too? 

The documentation states the following in the [Bundled JDK](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/getting-started-with-logstash.html#ls-jvm):

```Use the LS_JAVA_HOME environment variable if you want to use a JDK other than the version that is bundled.  ```

But later on in [LS_JAVA_HOME and JAVA_HOME](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/getting-started-with-logstash.html#java-home) we have:

```Logstash uses the Java version set in LS_JAVA_HOME. The LS_JAVA_HOME environment variable must be set for Logstash to operate correctly. If Logstash doesn’t find LS_JAVA_HOME it tries to fall back to JAVA_HOME. The usage of JAVA_HOME is now considered deprecated in favor of LS_JAVA_HOME.```

 
Side note: If Logstash will work with the default JDK if neither of these variables are set then we should clarify the above statements in our documentation.  If my understanding is correct, I will create a separate docs issue to address the above.  CC: @karenzone

Author: Thanks! Added LS_JAVA_HOME info.

> Workaround: Clear the `JAVA_HOME` variable to use the JDK version (Java 11) bundled with Logstash. 

Reviewer 2: I was going to suggest we should point to the [JAVA_HOME section](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/getting-started-with-logstash.html#java-home) of the docs, but it looks like we don't tell users how to unset `JAVA_HOME` in the appropriate way for their OS...

So, may be refer to `JAVA_HOME` environment variable instead of variable?

[[logstash-7-16-1]]
=== Logstash 7.16.1 Release Notes

[[known-issue-7-16-1]]
==== Known issue

Release 7.16.1 includes filter versions that will not run on JDK 8.
This issue is fixed in the latest versions: 

* https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash-versioned-plugins/current/v3.1.12-plugins-filters-date.html[date filter 3.1.12]

> * https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash-versioned-plugins/current/v7.2.7-plugins-filters-geoip.html[geoip filter 7.2.7]

Author: I couldn't use our usual link formatting here because 7.16.1 will lock the plugins (and plugin docs) to the shipped plugin versions. I linked to the updated plugins in the Versioned Plugin Reference to be more precise and to avoid confusing people.

You can <<updating-plugins,update these plugins>> as usual:

[source,sh]
-----
bin/logstash-plugin update logstash-filter-date
bin/logstash-plugin update logstash-filter-geoip
-----

> TIP: Clear the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to run Logstash with the bundled JDK. 

Reviewer 2: Given that we do support setting custom JDKs via `LS_JAVA_HOME` env var in `7.16`, WDYT about including it here for completeness?

Author: I would consider mentioning it without going into a lot of detail.  We're getting pretty far away from the original known issue.  Would that approach alleviate your concerns?

Reviewer 2: Yes, just something like clear the `JAVA_HOME` and `LS_JAVA_HOME` env vars?

Author: Messaging this is a bit tricky, because we really don't want users overriding the bundled version unless they have a really good reason.  I'll see what I can come up with.

Reviewer: I like the "tip" messaging here. It is quick and concise. Including "JDK 11" may help tie it together.

```suggestion
TIP: Clear the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to run Logstash with the bundled JDK 11. 
```

OR

```suggestion
TIP: Clear the `JAVA_HOME` and `LS_JAVA_HOME` environment variables to run Logstash with the bundled JDK 11. 
```

Author: I had implemented yet another variation before I saw your suggestions.  Lemme know what you think.
